Improve documentation for format `OPTIONS` clause (#15708)
apache/datafusion: docs/source/user-guide/sql/format_options.md

<!---
  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
  or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
  distributed with this work for additional information
  regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
  to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
  "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
  with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
  software distributed under the License is distributed on an
  "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
  KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
  specific language governing permissions and limitations
  under the License.
-->

# Format Options

> DataFusion supports customizing how data is read from or written to disk as a result of a `COPY`, `INSERT INTO`, or `CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE` query. There are a few special options, file format (e.g., CSV or Parquet) specific options, and Parquet column-specific options. Options can also in some cases be specified in multiple ways with a set order of precedence.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
DataFusion supports customizing how data is read from or written to disk as a result of a `COPY`, `INSERT INTO`, or `CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE` statements. There are a few special options, file format (e.g., CSV or Parquet) specific options, and Parquet column-specific options. In some cases, Options can be specified in multiple ways with a set order of precedence.
```

## Specifying Options and Order of Precedence

> Format-related options can be specified in the following ways:
> 
> - Session-level config defaults
> - `CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE` options
> - `COPY` option tuples
> 

Reviewer: I think it would be helpful to explicit specify the order of precedence here. Something like

```suggestion
Format-related options can be specified in three ways, in decreasing order of precedence: 

- `CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE` syntax 
- `COPY` option tuples
- Session-level config defaults

```

Finally, options can be passed when running a `COPY` command.

```sql
COPY source_table
  TO 'test/table_with_options'
  PARTITIONED BY (column3, column4)
  OPTIONS (
    format parquet,
    compression snappy,
    'compression::column1' 'zstd(5)',
  )
```

In this example, we write the entirety of `source_table` out to a folder of Parquet files. One Parquet file will be written in parallel to the folder for each partition in the query. The next option `compression` set to `snappy` indicates that unless otherwise specified, all columns should use the snappy compression codec. The option `compression::col1` sets an override, so that the column `col1` in the Parquet file will use the ZSTD compression codec with compression level `5`. In general, Parquet options that support column-specific settings can be specified with the syntax `OPTION::COLUMN.NESTED.PATH`.

# Available Options

## Generic Options

| Option     | Description                                                   | Default Value    |
| ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------- |

> | NULL_VALUE | Sets the string which should be used to indicate null values. | arrow-rs default |

Reviewer: I think this is a CSV specific option (not a generic option)

For example
```sql
> create external table my_table(a int) stored as JSON location '/tmp/foo' options('NULL_VALUE' 'NULL');
Invalid or Unsupported Configuration: Config value "null_value" not found on JsonOptions
```

| ------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| KEEP_PARTITION_BY_COLUMNS | Flag to retain the columns in the output data when using `PARTITIONED BY` queries. | false         |

Note: `execution.keep_partition_by_columns` flag can also be enabled through `ExecutionOptions` within `SessionConfig`.

## JSON Format Options

The following options are available when reading or writing JSON files. Note: If any unsupported option is specified, an error will be raised and the query will fail.

| Option      | Description                                                                                                                        | Default Value |
| ----------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------- |
| COMPRESSION | Sets the compression that should be applied to the entire JSON file. Supported values are GZIP, BZIP2, XZ, ZSTD, and UNCOMPRESSED. | UNCOMPRESSED  |

**Example:**

```sql

> CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE t
> STORED AS JSON
> LOCATION '/tmp/foo.json'
> OPTIONS('COMPRESSION', 'gzip');

Reviewer: I think this needs to have a column definition

```sql
> CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE t
STORED AS JSON
LOCATION '/tmp/foo.json'
OPTIONS('COMPRESSION', 'gzip');  🤔 Invalid statement: sql parser error: Expected: string or numeric value, found: , at Line: 4, Column: 22
```

Also, to write data you need to specify a directory otherwise you get an error

```sql
> CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE t(a int)
STORED AS JSON
LOCATION '/tmp/foo.json'
OPTIONS('COMPRESSION' 'gzip');
0 row(s) fetched.
Elapsed 0.003 seconds.

> insert into t values(1);
Error during planning: Inserting into a ListingTable backed by a single file is not supported, URL is possibly missing a trailing `/`. To append to an existing file use StreamTable, e.g. by using CREATE UNBOUNDED EXTERNAL TABLE
```

Also there is an extra `,`

So maybe something like 

```suggestion
CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE t(a int)
STORED AS JSON
LOCATION '/tmp/foo'
OPTIONS('COMPRESSION' 'gzip');
-- Inserting arow creates a new file in /tmp/foo
INSERT INTO t VALUES(1);
```

Finally, options can be passed when running a `COPY` command.

```sql
COPY source_table
  TO 'test/table_with_options'
  PARTITIONED BY (column3, column4)
  OPTIONS (
    format parquet,
    compression snappy,
    'compression::column1' 'zstd(5)',
  )
```

In this example, we write the entirety of `source_table` out to a folder of Parquet files. One Parquet file will be written in parallel to the folder for each partition in the query. The next option `compression` set to `snappy` indicates that unless otherwise specified, all columns should use the snappy compression codec. The option `compression::col1` sets an override, so that the column `col1` in the Parquet file will use the ZSTD compression codec with compression level `5`. In general, Parquet options that support column-specific settings can be specified with the syntax `OPTION::COLUMN.NESTED.PATH`.

# Available Options

## Execution-Specific Options

The following options are available when executing a `COPY` query.

> | Option Key                                                  | Description                                                                                                  | Default Value |

Reviewer: This largely replicates what is already in this page: https://datafusion.apache.org/user-guide/configs.html

I think the idea is that the format_options page will describe options specific to formats -- I will push a small commit to fix

Author: Thank you very much for your review! I truly appreciate you taking the time to make the final adjustments. I’ve learned a lot of valuable details from this process. If there’s anything else that needs further revision, please don’t hesitate to let me know—I’d be more than happy to make the necessary changes.

Reviewer: Thank you for helping push this along @marvelshan  -- it takes non trivial effort to make these docs

| TIME_FORMAT          | Sets the format that times should be encoded in within the CSV file.                                                              | None               |
| NULL_VALUE           | Sets the string which should be used to indicate null values within the CSV file.                                                 | None               |
| NULL_REGEX           | Sets the regex pattern to match null values when loading CSVs.                                                                    | None               |
| SCHEMA_INFER_MAX_REC | Sets the maximum number of records to scan to infer the schema.                                                                   | None               |
| COMMENT              | Sets the character which should be used to indicate comment lines in the CSV file.                                                | None               |

**Example:**

```sql
CREATE EXTERNAL TABLE t (col1 varchar, col2 int, col3 boolean)
STORED AS CSV
LOCATION '/tmp/foo/'
OPTIONS('DELIMITER' '|', 'HAS_HEADER' 'true', 'NEWLINES_IN_VALUES' 'true');
```

> ## Parquet Format Options

Reviewer: 👍  this looks great
